hi there I'm tartan Schubert and today
I'm going to be doing my tutorial on the
cordis of given up by Linkin Park I'm
not sure how we're Mike amna ponds out
here but you should be able to see the
fretboard in front of you so as you can
see i'm parting the first three strings
which is the e string the a string and
the D string my first finger on the
second fret and then playing them all at
once simultaneously like this
after that I can either slide up our
lift and move whatever you feel most
comfortable up there with and I go up to
the fifth fret still parting the three
strings i play that four times
and i forgot to say when you do the
second fret you also play it four times
then lift my pod and play the three
strings open again four times and as a
final bet i pod the seventh fret with
the same three strings and play that
four times
and the rafter he does it three times
and then on the fourth time you still do
the same ye parda satin fan under fire
but when you get to the open strings you
play about eight times like so
you then hard down on the seventh fret
play it once like so no sorry play it
four times then you go up to the 8th
fret play it one then third fret 7 still
partying the exact same strings so hope
that's been of help to you that was my
tutorial please comment rate do ever
subscribe if you want I don't care um
well good luck you budding guitarists